added reference to documentation (#245)
equinor/flownet: docs/introduction.rst

Going forward, we will try to aim for having an Azure resource running on merge to `master`,
and then have the results (profiles, history match profiles etc.) automatically pushed back
to the FlowNet repository - showing current results on the benchmark model.

Publications
============

A first version FlowNet was presented at the 17th European Conference on the Mathematics of Oil Recovery
(ECMOR XVII) held 14-17 September 2020. The reference for the conference paper is

> Kiaer, A., O.P. Lodoen, W. de Bruin, E. Barros and O. Leeuwenburgh, Evaluation of a Data-Driven

Reviewer: ``
```suggestion
A.F. Kiær, O.P. Lødøen, W.J. de Bruin, E. Barros and O. Leeuwenburgh, Evaluation of a Data-Driven
```
